AWS Academy Cloud Foundation
Module 1-Cloud Concepts Overview

Q1. What are the advantages of cloud computing over computing on-premises?
    a)Avoid large capital purchases
    b)Use on-demand capacity
    c)Increase speed and agility
    d)Go global in minutes
    e)All of the above

Answer: e)All of the above

Q2. What is the pricing model that enables AWS customers to pay for resources on an as-needed basis?
    a)Pay as you decommission
    b)Pay as you go
    c)Pay as you buy
    d)Pay as you reserve

Answer: b)Pay as you go

Q3. Which of these is not a cloud model?
    a)Platform as a service 
    b)Infrastructure as a service
    c)System administration as a service
    d)Software as a service
   
Answer: c)System administration as a service

Q4. True of False? AWS owns and maintains the network-connected hardware required for application services, while you provision and use what you need.
    a)True
    b)False

Answer: a)True

Q5. Which of these is not a benefit of cloud computing over on-premises computing?
    a)Increase speed and agility
    b)Pay for racking, stacking, and powering services 
    c)Eliminate guessing on your infrastructure capacity needs
    d)Trade capital expense for variable expense
    e)Benefit from massive economies of scale

Answer: b)Pay for racking, stacking, and powering services 

Q6. Which of the following are not benefits of AWS Cloud computing?(Choose two)
    a)Multiple procurement cycles
    b)High availability
    c)High latency
    d)Temporary and disposable resource
    e)Fault-tolerant databases

Answer: c)High Latency
        b)Multiple procurement cycles

Q7. Which of the following is a compute service? (Select the best answer)
    a)Amazon VPC
    b)Amazon EC2
    c)Amazon S3
    d)Amazon CloudFront
    e)Amazon RedShift

Answer: b)Amazon EC2

Q8. True or False? Cloud Computing provides a simple way to access servers, storage, databases, and a broad set of application services over the internet. You own the network-connected  hardware required for these services and Amazon Web Services provisions what you need.
    a)True
    b)False

Answer: b)False

Q9. Economics of Scale result from_______
    a)having many different cloud providers
    b)having hundreds of thousands of customers aggregated in cloud
    c)having hundreds of cloud services available over the internet
    d)having to invest heavily in data centers and servers

Answer:  b)having hundreds of thousands of customers aggregated in cloud

Q10. Which of these are ways to access AWS core services?(choose 3)
     a)Technical support calls
     b)AWS MarketPlace
     c)AWS Management Console
     d)AWS Command Line Interface(AWS CLI)
     e)Software Development Kits(SDKs)

Answer: c)AWS Management Console
        d)AWS Command Line Interface(AWS CLI)
        e)Software Development Kits(SDKs)
     

      
