AWS Academy Cloud Foundation
Module 2-Cloud Economics and Billing

Q1. For certain services like Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) and Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS), you can invest in reserved capacity.What options are available for Reserved Instances?
    a)AURI
    b)MURI
    c)NURI
    d)PURI
    e)DURI

Answer: a)AURI
        c)NURI
        d)PURI
              
Q2. Where can a customer go to get more details about Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) billing activity that took the place 3 months ago?
    a)Amazon EC2 dashborad
    b)AWS Cloud Explorer
    c)AWS Trusted Advisor dashboard
    d)AWS Cloud trail logs stored in amazon simple storage service(Amazon S3)

Answer: b)AWS Cloud Explorer

Q3. True or false? To receive the discounted rate associated with Reserved Instances, you must make a full, upfront payment for the term of the agreement
    a)True
    b)False
Answer: b)False
             
Q4. Which statement is true about the pricing model on AWS?
    a)In most cases,there is a per gigabyte charge for inbound data transfer
    b)Storage is typically charged per gigabyte
    c)compute is typiccally charged as a monthly fee based on instance type
    d)outbound charges are free upto a per account limit
    
Answer:  b)Storage is typically charged per gigabyte
             
Q5. What are the four support plans offered by AWS Support?
    a)Basic, Developer, Business, Enterprise
    b)Basic startup,Business,Enterprise
    c)Free,Bronze,Silver,Gold
    d)All support is free

Answer: b)Basic, Developer, Business, Enterprise

Q6. What AWS tool lets you explore AWS Services and create an estimate for the cost of your use cases on AWS?
    a)AWS Pricing Calculator
    b)AWS Budgets
    c)AWS Cost and Usage Report
    d)AWS Billing Dashboard
    
Answer:  a)AWS Pricing Calculator
             
Q7. As AWS grows, the cost of doing business is reduced and savings are passed back to the customer with lower pricing. What is this optimization called?
    a)Expenditure awareness
    b)Economics of scale
    c)Matching supply and demand
    d)EC2 Right sizing

Answer: b)Economics of scale
              
Q8. True or false? AWS offers a variety of services at no charge, for example, Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC), AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), Consolidated Billing, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, automatic scaling, AWS Ops Works and AWS CloudFormation. However, you might be charged for other AWS services that you use in conjunction with these services
    a)True
    b)False

Answer: a)True
                
Q9. What are the benifits of using AWS Organisation?
    a)Replacing existing AWS identity 
Answer: 

              

Q10. True of false? Unlimited services are available with the AWS Free Tier to new AWS customers for 12 months following their AWS sign-up date.

Answer: 
               False
